StoreManagementSystem is a database system to keep a track of the products present in a store to gain a better retention
as well as to maintain the profit and loss of products.
Functionalities Provided by the system : 

•	Identify the products which are mostly bought by people of certain age or gender. This helps the store to have some great sales on those products for that group of people.

•	Calculate the revenue generated by each store for a particular product in a time of the year. This report is helpful analyzing which store has a more number of sales and inventory can be managed accordingly.

•	Identify the products which are low on sales. This will be helpful for decreasing the intake of that product and investing in products giving out more profit.

•	Identify products having largest sales in a certain amount of time. This will help maintaining the stocks of the product in that certain time of year.

•	While purchasing the product, the customer opts for some payment method like Visa Card or Credit Card of any bank. Identify the medium mostly used so that offers can be made related to payment through such mediums by collaborating with the banks.

•	Calculate the total sale of a certain product at a certain store. This will help analyze which product has more sales at which location. This is based on location wise sale.

•	Calculate the total revenue of the store generated from a supplier i.e. identifying which supplier has given the highest revenue a store.

•	Identify the customers who spend more than 1000$ in a month. Some special offers and discounts can be given to such customers.

•	The total revenue generated by any section can be calculated. This analysis will help getting to know the areas the store is generating more revenue and the areas which must be concentrated.

•	For a certain product identify the sales for the current year and the previous year along with the discount given on the price. This analysis will help us identify the impact of the discount factor on the product sales.
